Prezi 4 scale (#2347)
IIIF/api: source/presentation/4.0/index.md

## Conveying Physical Dimensions

> In many cases, the dimensions of a Canvas, or the pixel density of a photograph, are not necessarily related to the real-world size of the object they show. A large wall painting and a tiny miniature may both be conveyed by 20 megapixel source images on a 4000 by 3000 unit Canvas. But it can be important to know how big something is or if there is a relationship between pixel density and physical length, especially when comparing objects together. An X-Ray image may have a tight expectation for the physical distance between two adjacent pixels, or a scanned 3D model may be constructed such that each 3D coordinate unit corresponds to one meter of physical distance.

Reviewer: This is fair, and I wondered if someone might have different thoughts on that. I think I'm fine either way. My reasoning for using distance between is because I was modeling my approach off of computed tomography images (XRay-CT, MRI, etc.), which is the domain I'm most familiar with where physical distance and pixels are tightly linked. For CT, each pixel is treated as a coordinate location and the pixel color/value is an indication of the intensity of the signal(s) at that particular point in space. Because of that, in DICOM and other standards, physical distance is defined as being the length between the center of adjacent pixels. But I used that definition not just here in the overview as an example for X-Rays but also in the model explicitly, so I'm fine if we want to switch to a definition more based on pixels as area.

The `spatialScale` property of a Canvas or Scene provides a corresponding real-world scale for a unit of the Canvas or Scene coordinate system, allowing clients to provide scale information to users, for example by an on-screen virtual ruler. In a 2-up viewer, a client could scale two views to convey the true relative sizes of two objects. 

> The value of `spatialScale` is a `UnitValue` (ref) that always has the value "m", i.e., metres. If source size metadata is machine readable (or parse-able) in other measurement systems (e.g., feet and inches) then it should be converted to metres for use in `spatialScale`. Publishers may wish to present the original given measure (e.g., from catalogue metadata) in a `metadata` field for context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value of `spatialScale` is a `UnitValue` (ref) that has as a value a length unit. This specification defines only one length unit, "m", i.e., metres, though others may be defined externally as an [extension][prezi30-ldce]. If source size metadata is machine readable (or parse-able) in other measurement systems (e.g., feet and inches) then it should be converted to metres for use in `spatialScale`. Publishers may wish to present the original given measure (e.g., from catalogue metadata) in a `metadata` field for context.
```
